
Tesla ($TSLA): 7.6% -> 6.9%
Rationale:
- I believe that Tesla is slightly overbloated in terms of weight and the possibility of future volatility, now is a good time to reduce stake in the company.
- Also a good time to take profits - historically, the market cap has not remained over $1T for a long time.
- Tesla still has the opportunity to be a great player in terms of climate and green electricity and potentially more so over the next ~4 years with the current state of the U.S.
- A .7% decline is warranted as it is just below a 10% reduction, as I still have long-term confidence

Raspberry Pi ($RPI): 4.5% -> 5.2%
Rationale:
- Still undervalued.
- Great long-term outlook with integration into many possible devices.
- A market cap of just over £1B has the potential for bullish upside.
- Spike in short-term price from pp300 to 700 seems slightly excess but long-term values still hold.

All others HOLD.
Rationale:
- Cloudflare $NET has had a significant boost in the short term but not enough to actively consider taking profits. Firm belief in higher upside - Nov '21 had a higher valuation with much greater P/E and weaker earnings vs today.
	- Can consider trimming manually as substantial gain.
- Apple $AAPL continue to has great earnings and is a lower-volatility stock that is posed to benefit from the next 4 years of U.S. presidency.
- Shopify $SHOP has great outlook and upside potential.
- Eli Lilly $LLY remains to balance tech whilst also having a good outlook.
	- Recent declines allowed DCA balancing in the portfolio
- Oracle $ORCL great announcement with AI and posed to benefit from presidency in medium-term
	- Considering slight reductions 
- Nvidia $NVDA remains due to continued strong AI & datacentre demand.
	- Despite newer models being more efficient, there are broader applications for this technology
- Broadcom $AVGO remains strong with continued digitalisation and infrastructure requirements
- Meta $META has a strong customer base and stable incomes that looks to be a slow but steady grower over medium-term
- Robinhood Markets $HOOD has shown surprisingly excellent short-term growth. Longer-term outlook with growing revenue and greater customer base remains excellent
	- Large growth signifies strong pullback as has happened over previous few days, trimming recommended.
For others, please see previous update.