> *The tone here is deliberately fragmented and vague for many reasons, but should mostly be decipherable to those familiar with the subject matters.*

University. Supposedly the best three years of your life - especially first year. A chance to join societies, broaden your horizons and meet new people, with undertones of progressively harder work. For those more ambitious individuals, there's the opportunity to talk with academics doing cutting-edge research and discuss your own ideas, all whilst having the same enthusiastic individuals delivering and teaching their best content to you. Lecturers planting the seeds of knowledge into your mind, then giving you space to go and dig into the subject, read literature about it, see how it works in practice, and come back with new information and suggestions, ready to debate face-to-face with you, proactively asking and explaining why, not what, something is the way it is. 

At least, that's what I thought university would entail.%% None of those sentences are even remotely true. %%

I knew the start would be the hardest part, as it is with going anywhere new. My experience at sixth form confirmed this: the first term was stressful and I largely lacked a sense of place. However, joining - *co-founding* - a society, getting to know new people, going on a language exchange, making memories with others and proving myself as an individual, not as just a number, to teachers in multiple ways really helped, and it showed. I was repeatedly reassured that uni would be nourishing for me not just as a person but intellectually, and too that I would flourish there. Going really did feel like the perfect combination and natural extension to this success. Brand new ideas, new content and exposure to the academic staff whose research I loved reading for my EPQ and just naturally and out of passion for computer science and AI. And the first week did show this: contact with various academics, my personal tutor, and some really interesting students and staff in the initial "lab" (in which I had already done all of the work for beforehand, of course!). It would just be adapting to living in halls and being away from home that'd be the issue - hard but manageable. It would be just like starting sixth form again, just on a bigger scale.

Disillusioned and cast vicariously into this institution, I have occasional yet significant contemplative bouts of melancholy.


The day before the first final semester exam, there was a "Year 1 feedback" event with the Head of School to give our thoughts about first year. Perfectly in line with other event participation, it was only myself and another, a singular course representative. I was even interrogated by the Head of School alongside 4 senior staff members about my thoughts and how our experience can be improved compared to ***City-Uni-That-Shall-Not-Be-Named***. To which I entered a fairly cohesive discussion for about 5 minutes - *still* not enough time to get my full thoughts across. 